The case let's take a look at the solutions to exercise too.
So the first question was from the Products table.
Select the name and price of oil products you have a coffee origin equal to Colombia or Indonesia an
order by name from A to Z.
So the first thing we need to do is select name price from products and then we need a WHERE clause
to say where the coffee origin where coffee or origin is equal to Colombia or Indonesia.
So what we need Collen to be equal to more than one value.
We need to use in open a pair of brackets and then put both of our values here.
So we need to say Colombia and Indonesia and then we also need to order it by name from A to Z.
So when you say order by name we don't need to say ascending or descending because by default it's going
to order it from 8 As'ad and you can see we now have all four coffees with a coffee or region of Colombia
or Indonesia.
So the second question is saying from the Orders table.
Select all the orders from February 2017 for customers with IDs of 2 4 6 or 8.
So we need to select staw from orders and we need to say where order time is in February.
So when you say all the time between
2017 0 2 0 1
and 2017 to 28 so that's for February 2017 and then on the next line we need to say where the IDs of
the customers is.
EVA 2 4 6 or 8.
So we need to say.
And Customer ID because it's because of my DNA ID and the orders table is in 2 4 6 or 8.
So we don't need single quotes because it's numbers.
And then we can run this and you can see we have all the orders for February where the customer IDs
2 4 6 or 8.
So no other customers are present and it's only four orders in February.
And then finally the last question is asking from the customers table.
Select the first name and phone number over customers whose last name contains the parts and all.
So we need to select first name and phone number for all the customers table where our last name contains
the pattern.
So we need to say well last name is like because we're looking for a string pattern and then we need
to open all single quotes and use to send you signs because we're not looking for single characters
either side of the aisle.
We're just looking for any in the last name and then we can type all within sensu signs and then we
can run this and you see we have Chris and Katie and their phone numbers.
So let's take a look at their last name and we should see that they both contain They are some way in
the last name so we see their last names are Martin and Armstrong so we have a R after the M M We have
a R at the beginning here.
So that's it for the solutions to exercise 2.
If you still have any questions on this exercise then please ask in the Q and A section.
But for now let's move on to the next video.